Alibaba Cloud Trail Event Collector - Added debug log in case of an error (#38498)
demisto/content: Packs/AlibabaActionTrail/ReleaseNotes/1_1_4.md

#### Integrations

##### Alibaba Action Trail Event Collector

> - Added a detailed debug log message for error occurrences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a detailed debug log for http errors.
```
